README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/icon.png" alt="Icon" height="100"/>

# Metronome

### Simple and beautiful metronome for Android

This project is intended to offer a simple and good-looking metronome for Android.

[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
alt="Get it on F-Droid"
height="80">](https://f-droid.org/packages/com.bobek.metronome/)
[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png"
alt="Get it on Google Play"
height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bobek.metronome)
[<img src="https://i.ibb.co/q0mdc4Z/get-it-on-github.png"
alt="Get it on GitHub"
height="80">](https://github.com/Kr0oked/Metronome/releases/latest)

</div>

## Features

* Adjustable beats and subdivisions
* Beat visualization
* Tap tempo
* Light and Dark theme
* No advertisements
* No trackers
* No annoyance

## Screenshots

<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png" alt="Screenshot Night" height="500"/>
<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png" alt="Screenshot Day" height="500"/>

## Translations

If you want to provide a new translation or update an existing one you can find some instructions
[here](doc/translations.md).

| Code      | Language             | App                | Metadata           | Complete           |
|-----------|----------------------|--------------------|--------------------|--------------------|
| *default* | English              | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| cs        | Czech                | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x:                |
| de        | German               | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| es        | Spanish              | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| pt-BR     | Brazilian Portuguese | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x:                |
| ru        | Russian              | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x:                |
| zh        | Chinese              | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |

## License

The project is licensed under the GNU GPL v3. You can find the license text in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

Translations hint in README for Weblate

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/icon.png" alt="Icon" height="100"/>

# Metronome

### Simple and beautiful metronome for Android

This project is intended to offer a simple and good-looking metronome for Android.

[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
alt="Get it on F-Droid"
height="80">](https://f-droid.org/packages/com.bobek.metronome/)
[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png"
alt="Get it on Google Play"
height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bobek.metronome)
[<img src="https://i.ibb.co/q0mdc4Z/get-it-on-github.png"
alt="Get it on GitHub"
height="80">](https://github.com/Kr0oked/Metronome/releases/latest)

</div>

## Features

* Adjustable beats and subdivisions
* Beat visualization
* Tap tempo
* Light and Dark theme
* No advertisements
* No trackers
* No annoyance

## Screenshots

<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png" alt="Screenshot Night" height="500"/>
<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png" alt="Screenshot Day" height="500"/>

## Translations

Translations can be added on [Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/metronome/).

[![Translation status](https://hosted.weblate.org/widget/metronome/multi-auto.svg)](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/metronome/)

## License

The project is licensed under the GNU GPL v3. You can find the license text in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
